1.1 People in business or politics often exploit language to gain power or status.;	商业人士 和 政治人士 经常 挖掘语言的潜力来获取权力和地位。
1.2 In interviews, people usually use mainstream language instead of slang.;	 在采访中，人们会用主流语言而不是俚语。
1.3 Some English teachers think learning slang is not a priority. They prefer to teach standard English.;一些英语老师认为学习俚语不是一件优先考虑的事，他们更喜欢教标准英语。
1.4 Language changes from decade to decade. Many expressions that were fashionable in the 1950s were out of style in the 1960s.;	 语言随时间在变，许多在50年代流行的表达方式，到了60年代就落伍了。
1.5 The two people were close friends, so they used colloquial language.;	 这两个人是亲密的朋友，所以会使用口头语。
1.6 The teacher couldn't tolerate the student's bad language, so he ordered her to leave the room.; 这个老师不能忍受这个学生糟糕的语言，所以他命令她离开教室。
1.7 Slang is not accepted in all situations because it deviates from standard, more formal expressions.;俗语并不是在任何场合都被接受，因为俗语与标准的、更正式的表达方式有区别。
1.8 Even today, very conservative people often persist with the idea that slang is unacceptable in all situations, even informal ones.;	 即使今天，非常保守的人经常坚持俗语不能被用于任何场合，即使在非正式的场合。
1.9 We construct our own style of speaking based on what we've heard throughout our lives.;	 我们基于我们在生活中所听到的话来创立自己说话的方式。
1.10 In some societies, language is associated with social class and education. People judge one's level in society by the kind of language used.;	 在一些社会，语言和人的社会阶层以及教育程度相联系，人们通过语言来判断一个人的阶层。
1.11 The use of language is a complex phenomenon. Linguists, sociologists, anthropologists, and psychologists are trying to understand it better.;	 语言的使用是一个很复杂的现象，语言学家、社会学家、人类学家、心理学家都尝试更好地理解这个现象。
1.12 Many slang expressions that are acceptable in informal situations are taboo in more formal contexts.;	 许多在非正式场合中被接受的俗语，在正式场合却是禁忌。
2.1 Before performing the experiment, the researcher tried to anticipate any problems that might occur.;	在做实验之前，研究员尽力去预计到所有可能出现的问题。
2.2 People may perceive choosing the slowest line at the supermarket as bad luck, but actually luck has nothing to do with it.;	人们也许认为在超市里选择了最慢的队伍是因为运气不好，但是事实上运气和这没有关系。
2.3 As a car increases speed, the tires require less time to make one complete revolution.;	随着车速的增加，轮胎需要更少的时间运行一周。
2.4 The probability of winning the lottery is extremely low because so many people buy tickets.;	之所以中彩票的概率极其低，是因为有许多人买。
2.5 Most events are not random, they are part of a larger pattern or plan.;	大多数事情不是随机的，它们是一个更大的模式或者计划的一部分。
2.6 It was a catastrophe when Ned lost all his money gambling, he had no money left for food or rent.;Ned赌输了所有钱，这是场灾难。他没有剩余的钱买食物和租房子。
2.7 People often encounter bad luck when gambling. They may lose a lot of money before they win anything.;	人们在赌博的时候经常遇到坏运气，他们可能输了好多钱才赢一次。
2.8 The idea that there is good and bad luck is widespread. Every culture seems to have its own particular superstitions.;	运气分好坏的说法是广泛流传的，每种文化似乎都有自己特定的迷信行为。
2.9 Scientists say the blooming of a flower has a life history because a beginning, middle, and end point can be clearly identified;	科学家说，花朵有一个生命周期，因为开始、中间、结束的时间点可以清晰的被分辨出来。
2.10 Alice's theory is that she will win the lottery if she always plays the same numbers.;	Alice的理论是如果她一直买同一个号，那么她一定能中彩票。
2.11 Some students who think fundamental arithmetic is easy have difficulty understanding more complex areas of mathematics, such as statistics; 	一些认为基本计算简单的学生，在理解一些更复杂的数学内容时有困难，比如统计学。
2.12 A slot machine is a gambling device. If you put a coin in the machine and three identical pictures appear, you get more money back.;	自动贩卖机（老虎机）是一种赌博机，如果你放一个硬币进去，然后出现三个相同画面，你将得到更多的钱。
3.1 The duration of a memory can vary. We keep some memories for only a short time and others for our whole lives.;	 记忆的持续时间是不同的。有的事情我们只能记一会儿，有的事情我们可以记一生。
3.2 In order to learn new words, it is essential to see or hear them several times.;	 为了学习新单词，多次看和听单词是必要的。
3.3 It's conceivable that his story is inaccurate, he may have forgotten exactly what happened.;	 他的故事不精确是可以预想到的，他可能忘记具体发生了什么
3.4 Infants gain visual stimulation and input through their eyes. This is a necessary part of learning to judge the speed and distance of objects.;	 婴儿通过眼睛获得视觉刺激和输入，这是他们学习判断物体的速度和距离很必要的一部分。
3.5 Scientists have tried to explain phenomena such as memory;	科学家们试图解释一些现象比如记忆。
3.6 Students can remember new vocabulary somewhat better if they write it down. They won't remember every word, but they will notice an improvement;	学生可以更好地记忆新单词如果他们把单词写下来，他们虽然不能记住每个单词，但会发现确实有提高。
3.7 The psychologist's report on memory was very detailed. She used many examples to explain her ideas;	这个心理学家关于记忆的报告细节很丰富，她用了很多例子来解释他的观点。
3.8 Our brains store some memories temporarily. Later, we forget them.;	 我们的大脑临时存储一些记忆，过一段时间就会忘记。
3.9 Many of our memories fade over time, so the details are lost. For example, we may remember having been somewhere but forget the exact date.;	 我们的大多数记忆会随着时间淡去，所以细节会被忘记，比如我们可能能记住我们到过一个地方却记不起来具体的日期。
3.10 Many people can calculate simple mathematical problems in their heads.;	 许多人可以用大脑计算简单的数学问题。
3.11 Sometimes our memories are distorted. Therefore, we may remember some events inaccurately;有的时候我们的记忆受到了扭曲，所以我们会不精确地记住一些事。
3.12 Scientists have distinguished three different memory systems.;	 科学家们划分了三种不同的记忆系统。
4.1 Stefano felt it was an invasion of his privacy when his mother read his personal letters.;	 Stefano感觉他的母亲阅读他的私人信件是一种对他隐私的侵犯。
4.2 We convey meaning with both verbal and nonverbal communication.;	 我们通过语言和非语言的方式传递我们想要表达的意思。
4.3 Although some of the ideas in the lecture on body language weren't important, the bulk of them were very useful.;	 虽然这个关于肢体语言的讲座中的一些想法不重要，但是其中大部分都是十分有用的。
4.4 Our verbal and nonverbal communication styles are both greatly determined by how we feel.;我们语言和非语言的交流方式的风格都很大程度上受我们感受的影响。
4.5 The Westfield Public Speaking Group is a dynamic organization. Something new is happening almost every month.;	 西野公共演讲组是一个充满活力的组织，每个月都有一些新鲜的事情发生。
4.6 It is generally easy to differentiate between a shy person and an outgoing person. Their body language is rarely similar.;	 区分一个内向的人和一个外向的人总体上是很容易的，因为他们的肢体语言很少是相同的。
4.7 The interviewer couldn't understand the politician's answer, so she asked him for clarification.;记者无法理解这位政客的答案，所以记者请求他进一步解释。
4.8 The speaker talked with great intensity, everyone could see how strongly he felt.;	演讲者语气强烈，每个人都可以感受到。
4.9 Nonverbal communication is an integral part of human communication. Any discussion of how we communicate is incomplete without it.;	 非语言交流是人类交流中必须的一部分，任何关于我们如何交流的讨论如果缺少了它，将是不完整的。
4.10 Our understanding of nonverbal communication is minimal. We have a much greater understanding of verbal communication.;	 我们对于非语言交流的理解程度是很小的，我们对于语言交流的理解程度相较之下更大。
4.11 It was clear from his frown that Mitchell had a negative attitude toward Sylvie's business proposal.; 从Mitchell的皱眉中可以清晰的看出他对Sylvie的商业提案持反对立场。
4.12 Scientists don't know exactly how much communication is verbal and how much is nonverbal,they can only estimate.; 	科学家不知道交流中到底有多少是靠语言方式，多少是靠非语言方式，他们只能估计。
5.1 Over long periods of time, customs can erode. They are gradually replaced by newer customs.; 在很长的时间周期中，习俗会发生改变，他们会慢慢的被新习俗所取代
5.2 Although many people speculate about the future of the family, no one is certain about how it will change.;	虽然很多人猜测未来的家庭是什么样的，但是没有一个人能确定家庭以后将如何演变。
5.3 Married couples have different obligations than single people. For example, they're expected to take care of each other and their children.;	 已婚的人和单身的人相比来说有不同的义务，比如他们需要照顾彼此和他们的孩子。
5.4 Nowadays most people who get married are mature. It is illegal for children to marry in most countries.;	现在大多数结婚的人都比较成熟，在大多数国家童婚是非法的。
5.5 Marrying someone of the same race is the social norm throughout much of the United States.;在美国的大多数地方，和一个与自己属于同一人种的人结婚是社会的共识
5.6 Children's wishes are often subordinate to those of their parents. Therefore, they have to do whatever their parents want.;	 孩子们的愿望往往需要顺从父母们的愿望。因此他们需要做他们父母想让他们做的。
5.7 Many laws preserve cultural values. This is one reason why it is difficult to change laws.;	 许多法律保护传统文化价值观。 这是难以修改法律的一个原因。
5.8 New customs, standards, and technology are being introduced in almost every society. As a result, these societies are undergoing rapid change.;	 新的风俗，标准，技术正在被几乎所有的社会引进。这导致了这些社会在急速的发展。
5.9 We generally conform to the behavior of our social group. Behaving differently can create discomfort.; 我们一般会遵守社会习惯，与社会习惯相悖会令人不舒服。
5.10 Parents sometimes restrict the amount of time their children spend watching TV. They may allow them to watch only one hour a day.;	 家长有时限制他们的孩子看电视的时间，通常可能是一天一小时。
5.11 Marriage is a universal custom. Every culture has some form of marriage.;	 结婚是一个普遍的全球性的习俗，每种文化都有一些特殊的婚礼形式。
5.12 Western civilization today is based on ideas from ancient Greece and Rome.;	 今天的西方文明是在古希腊和古罗马的思想基础上形成的。
6.1 As the rocket moved farther into space, the earth seemed to shrink in size minute by minute.;	 随着火箭在太空中越来越远，地球仿佛收缩得越来越小。
6.2 The rocket’s speed was constant, neither increasing nor decreasing.;	 火箭的速度是恒定的，不会变大也不会变小。
6.3 The earth rotates once every twenty-four hours.;	 地球每24小时转一圈。
6.4 Space exploration is a controversial subject. Some people support it, while others think it is too expensive.;	 太空探索是一个有争议的项目，有些人支持，但是也有一些人认为这个项目成本很高。
6.5 Scientists don't usually accept a theory until there is empirical evidence to prove it;	科学家们不会接受一个理论，除非有强有力的证据来证明。
6.6 Many people deny the possibility of time travel,they think it is impossible.;	 许多人否定了时光旅行的可行性，他们认为那是不可能的。
6.7 Because they were built from the same plans, the two spaceships look identical.;	 因为它们是按照相同的计划建造的，所以这两艘宇宙飞船看起来一模一样。
6.8 Some people believe that it's possible to travel though time via a time machine.;	 一些人相信可以通过时光机器在时间中穿梭。
6.9 After the explosion, the planet ceased to exist. It was completely gone.;	 在大爆炸之后，这个行星不再存在，它完全消失了。
6.10 A violent earthquake caused NASA's research building to collapse.;	 一个强烈的地震导致美国航天局的研究所倒塌了。
6.11 Many people don't understand complex scientific concepts. The ideas are too difficult.;	 许多人并不理解复杂的科学概念，这些想法太深奥了。
6.12 The new space station is extremely stable. Even a nearby explosion won't harm it.;	 新的空间站十分的稳定，即使近距离的爆炸也不会损害它。
7.1 Monkeys are generally tranquil, but if an enemy approaches, they become afraid and run away.;	猴子在多数时候是相当安静的，但是一旦敌人接近，他们就开始变得恐慌并会逃跑。
7.2 Animal communication is not a straightforward subject. It's complicated because animals communicate differently with each other.;	动物的交流并不是一个简单的话题。这很复杂因为动物之间交流的方法不同。
7.3 I couldn't understand what the child said because words were in the wrong sequence.;	我不理解孩子所说的是什么，因为这些单词的顺序错了。
7.4 The boy was deceitful when he yelled, "Fire!" Actually, there was no fire.;	这个男孩很狡诈，当他喊“着火啦”的时候，实际上并没有着火。
7.5 Although some animals appear to communicate, scientists cannot confirm that they actually use language.;	虽然一些动物好像会互相交流，但是科学家并不能证实它们就是在使用语言。
7.6 Humans can use language deceptively by telling lies or half-truths.;	通过说谎或者是说一半真话人类可以欺骗性地使用语言。
7.7 Most animals can communicate with members of their own species, but not with other groups.;大部分动物可以和同种的其他动物交流，但是不能和其他种交流。
7.8 Some animals make identical sounds when they sense danger. Thus, they appear to be communicating with each other.;	一些动物在他们感到危险时发出相同的声音。因此它们看上去是在和其他动物进行交流。
7.9 Contrary to what you might think, not all animal sounds communicate meaning.;	和你想象的相反，不是所有的动物声音都传达意义。
7.10 Some birds can manipulate their sounds to make many different songs.;	一些鸟可以通过控制它们的声音来唱出不同的歌。
7.11 Animals tend to be rigid in their use of language. They generally don't communicate in different ways.;	动物往往严格地使用他们的语言。它们一般不用其他方式交流。
7.12 Grammar is a human innovation. It's not present in animal communication.;	语法是人类的发明。它不出现在动物之间的交流中。
8.1 People often have the stereotype that women are kinder, more considerate, and less aggressive than men. This is not always true, of course!;	人们经常有女性比男性更善良、更体贴，并且没有男性那么咄咄逼人的刻板印象。这当然不总是正确的！
8.2 Different speaking styles among different social groups can result in segregation. Communities that speak one way might not mix with communities that speak differently.;	在不同社会群体中的不同的说话风格可能导致群体的隔离。两个说话风格不同的社区可能不会融合在一起。
8.3 Contemporary language includes many slang expressions that used to be considered unacceptable.;	现代语言包含许多在过去不被接受的俗语表达。
8.4 The style of the magazine article gave me the impression that the author was male.;	杂志上文章的风格给我一种作者是男性的印象。
8.5 If a marriage is to be successful, it's crucial that both partners understand each other's "language.";	如果一段婚姻要成功，那么在这其中双方都理解对方的“语言”是至关重要的因素。
8.6 Our deeply held ideas about male and female communication are often reinforced by the movies we watch and the books we read.;	我们看的电影和我们读的书经常会加深我们关于男女交流根深蒂固的想法。
8.7 Nowadays, men and women exhibit increasingly similar communication styles.;	现在男性和女性在交流方式上展现出越来越高的相同性。
8.8 We normally establish our patterns of language behavior early in life.;	我们通常在生命的早期就建立了我们的语言行为模式。
8.9 It's not clear exactly how much of one's communication style is inherent and how much is learned after birth.;	我们并不清楚，一个人的说话方式中，有多少是先天固有的，有多少是后天学习到的。
8.10 The way people talk can have a dramatic effect on their career opportunities.;	人们说话的方式会对自己的就业机会产生显著的影响。
8.11 Much research has been devoted to understanding the causes of gender differences in language.;	许多研究致力于理解性别对语言产生影响的原因。
8.12 Men and women typically engage in different kinds of conversations.;	男性和女性通常会参与不同类型的对话。
9.1 Sylvie abandoned her plan to buy an expensive evening gown because she didn't have enough money.;	Sylvie放弃了她买一件很贵的晚礼服的计划，因为她没有足够的钱。
9.2 Many people think wearing expensive jewelry gives them prestige.;	许多人认为穿戴很贵的饰品会带给他们威望。
9.3 Linda never wears more than two colors simultaneously. Today she's dressed in black and red.;	Linda从不同时穿多于两种颜色的衣服。今天她穿的是黑色和红色的衣服。 
9.4 Examples of tenth-century clothing are very scarce. Only a few can be found in the best museums.;	十世纪衣服的例子十分稀少。我们只能在最好的博物馆里找到一些。
9.5 Richard wore his new vest for three days consecutively. On the fourth day, he finally wore something different.;	Richard连续穿了他的新背心三天。第四天，他才穿了别的。
9.6 In hierarchical societies, the wealthy tend to wear more expensive clothes than the middle and lower classes.;	在等级制度社会中，富人往往比中产阶级和阶级更低的人穿更贵的衣服。
9.7 Clothes made from inferior materials usually don’t last very long.;	使用劣质材料制作的衣服通常穿不了多久。
9.8 Her pink jacket and orange hair made her very conspicuous in the crowd.;	她粉色的夹克和橙色的头发使得她在人群中十分显眼。
9.9 Clothing styles are frequently used as vehicles for expressing one's personality.;	服装风格经常成为人们展示个性的媒介。
9.10 Conservative rather than radical clothes are the best choice for job interviews.;	保守的，而不是激进的衣服是求职面试者最好的选择。
9.11 In most private schools, students must conform to a strict dress code.;	在大多数私立学校，学生们必须遵守严格的着装要求。
9.12 Young people often have very definite ideas about what clothes are fashionable.;	年轻人通常对于什么衣服流行有着十分明确的想法。
10.1 Tania said she couldn't have won the music award without the support of her parents and teachers.;	Tania说 如果没有老师和家长的支持，她不会赢得这个音乐奖。
10.2 Some personality characteristics are innate, others are learned after birth.;	一些个人性格是与生俱来的，而其他的是后天学习到的。
10.3 Some parents believe they can detect talent in their children. They tell their friends that their one-year-old is a genius.;	有些家长相信他们可以发现他们孩子的天分，他们会告诉他们的朋友说他们1岁的孩子是个天才。
10.4 He only has average general intelligence, but he is an excellent artist.;	他仅仅有一般的智力水平，但是他是一个出色的艺术家。
10.5 Notwithstanding her parents' lack of interest, Sylvie became an excellent concert pianist.;	尽管她的家长们对弹钢琴没有兴趣，但是Sylvie却成为了一位出色的音乐会钢琴手。
10.6 Professional athletes take part in intense training sessions, in which they work extremely hard.;	职业运动员参加高强度的训练并在其中极其刻苦地训练。
10.7 Training for the Olympics requires an enormous amount of work, athletes who want to compete must work extremely hard.;	为参加奥林匹克而进行的训练需要很大的训练量，想获胜的运动员必须进行非常艰苦的训练。
10.8 Some people think their abilities have limitations, but with encouragement they can perform much better than expected.;	一些人认为他们的能力是有限制的，但是给予鼓励可以让他们表现的比期望更好。
10.9 A newspaper reporter quoted Thomas Alva Edison as saying,”Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.” ;	一家新闻报纸的记者引用Thomas Alva Edison的话“天才是百分之一的灵感加上百分之九十九的汗水。”
10.10 Persistence is needed in order to succeed. You may fail several times before you get what you want.;	坚持是成功的必要条件，你可能在得到你想得到的东西之前失败很多次。
10.11 Children with a special capacity for music learn to play musical instruments easily.;	有特殊音乐天赋的孩子能轻松地学会演奏乐器。
10.12 My friend and his soccer coach are incompatible. They are always arguing.;	我的朋友和他的足球教练合不来，他们经常吵架。
11.1 Some societies have a very homogeneous population. Almost everybody has the same appearance and belief system.;	一些社会有着基本同种族的人口，几乎人人都有相同的相貌和信仰体系。
11.2 The influence of some cultural traditions is diminishing. One day, these traditions may disappear completely.;	一些文化传统的影响正在逐渐减少。也许有一天，这些传统会完全消失。
11.3 Advertising is the most effective way of selling commodities, such as food and clothes, worldwide.;	广告是在全世界的范围内销售例如食物和衣服这种大宗商品最有效的方式。
11.4 The Internet disseminates news and ideas around the world very quickly.;	互联网能在全世界范围内迅速地传播新闻和想法。
11.5 The speaker highlighted the problems existing in today’s society. Then she gave several examples.;	演讲者先强调了存在于当今社会中的许多问题，然后她给了一些例子。
11.6 It is inevitable that people’s lifestyles will become increasingly similar as the world becomes smaller.;	随着世界的变小，每个人的生活方式将不可避免地变得越来越相似。
11.7 In big cities like New York, lifestyles are converging as immigrants introduce foods, languages and other elements of their home cultures.;	在像纽约一样的大城市，生活方式随着移民者介绍他们的食物，语言，和其他他们祖国的文化元素，而不断地融合。
11.8 In some parts of the world, there is prejudice against people because of their race, nationality, religion or political beliefs.;	在世界的一些地方，对人有一些由于种族，国籍，信仰，或政治观点不同而产生的偏见。
11.9 Frank is fascinated by politics, in particular, he’s interested in how ideologies differ from culture to culture;	Frankly被政治吸引了，具体来说，他对文化和文化之间意识形态之间的差别感兴趣。
11.10 Although Irene couldn’t speak Spanish, she conveyed her meaning successfully by using body language and gestures.;	虽然Irene不能说西班牙语，但是她成功地把她要表达的意思通过肢体语言和手势传达了。
11.11 Travel can give us great insight into foreign cultures.;	旅行可以让我们更深刻地理解外国文化。
11.12 We need to preserve cultural traditions that are in danger of disappearing.;	我们需要保护那些濒临灭绝的文化传统。
12.1 Computer criminals can access private information by illegally entering a computer system.;	计算机罪犯可以通过非法进入计算机系统的方式获取私人信息。
12.2 If you scramble an electronic message, most people won't be able to understand it.;	如果你扰乱一个电子信息，大多数人将不能理解它。
12.3 Although we don’t know what will happen with computer crime in the future, we can imagine a few different scenarios.;	尽管我们不知道计算机犯罪以后会发生什么，但是我们可以想象出几个不同的情况。
12.4 Computer criminals try to cover up their crimes to avoid punishment.;	计算机罪犯试图掩盖他们的罪行来逃避处罚。
12.5 Many computer criminals are not caught because it is very difficult to detect the theft of computer information.;	由于计算机信息的偷窃太难被侦测到了，许多计算机罪犯没有被抓。
12.6 Banks use computer networks to transfer huge amounts of money from one location to another every day.;	每天，银行使用计算机网络来从一个到另一个地方传输大量钱款。
12.7 We can get large amounts of information via the internet.;	我们可以通过互联网获取大量的信息。
12.8 The transmission of information occurs every time we send an e-mail message or make a phone call.;	每次我们发送一封电子邮件、或者是打一个电话，信息的传播就发生了。
12.9 If one route into a computer system is blocked, computer criminals will search for another.;	如果一个进入计算机系统的路径被阻止了，计算机罪犯会寻找另一个。
12.10 A colleague from the office had her credit card number stolen by a computer criminal.;	这个办公室的一个同事的信用卡号码被计算机罪犯窃取了。
12.11 If they can't break into a computer system the first time they try, many computer criminals persist until they find a way to enter.;	如果他们的第一次尝试不能突破计算机系统，许多计算机罪犯会坚持下去直到找到一个进入方法。
12.12 The system administrators work hard to maintain the integrity of the company's computer systems.;	系统管理员努力工作来维护公司计算机系统的完整性。